com/example/mine/NavBarFragment.java
 com.example.mine.NavBarFragment
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityDisplayJobInfoBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityDisplayJobInfoBinding
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityDisplayMessageBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityDisplayMessageBinding
com/example/mine/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mine.BuildConfig
com/example/mine/MainActivity.java
 com.example.mine.MainActivity
com/example/mine/DisplayAvailableJobsActivity.java
 com.example.mine.DisplayAvailableJobsActivity
com/example/mine/DisplayJobInfo.java
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo$1
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo$2
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo$3
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo$4
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo$5
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo$6
com/example/mine/databinding/FragmentNavBarBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.FragmentNavBarBinding
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityAddJobsAcitivityBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityAddJobsAcitivityBinding
com/example/mine/DisplaySavedJobsActivity.java
 com.example.mine.DisplaySavedJobsActivity
 com.example.mine.DisplaySavedJobsActivity$1
 com.example.mine.DisplaySavedJobsActivity$2
com/example/mine/AddedJobActivity.java
 com.example.mine.AddedJobActivity
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityAddedJobBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityAddedJobBinding
com/example/mine/ObjectSerializer.java
 com.example.mine.ObjectSerializer
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/mine/DisplayJobsActivity.java
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobsActivity
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobsActivity$1
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobsActivity$2
com/example/mine/DisplayJobInfo2.java
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo2
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo2$1
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo2$2
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo2$3
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo2$4
 com.example.mine.DisplayJobInfo2$5
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityDisplayJobsBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityDisplayJobsBinding
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityDisplayAvailableJobsBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityDisplayAvailableJobsBinding
com/example/mine/AddJobsActivity.java
 com.example.mine.AddJobsActivity
 com.example.mine.AddJobsActivity$1
 com.example.mine.AddJobsActivity$2
 com.example.mine.AddJobsActivity$3
 com.example.mine.AddJobsActivity$4
 com.example.mine.AddJobsActivity$5
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityDisplayJobInfo2Binding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityDisplayJobInfo2Binding
com/example/mine/databinding/ActivityDisplaySavedJobsBinding.java
 com.example.mine.databinding.ActivityDisplaySavedJobsBinding
com/example/mine/DisplayMessageActivity.java
 com.example.mine.DisplayMessageActivity
 com.example.mine.DisplayMessageActivity$1
